[docs] Add placeholders for upcoming features (#4175)
mui/toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/core/components/crud-page/crud-page.md

---
productId: toolpad-core
title: CRUD Page
---

# CRUD Page 🚧

> <p class="description">CRUD component extends a data grid by offering create, read, update and delete functionality externally.</p>

Reviewer: Perhaps something along the lines of?

```suggestion
<p class="description">The CRUD component provides a UI for editable data sources. With deep-linkable, form-based pages.</p>
```

Maybe it's too obscure
